  Implementing the dashboard in R has been quite frustrating, as the dash functionality in R is quite a bit less intuitive than in Python. The general structure makes the code much harder to read. Every division is of the form dccRow(list(, which creates an unwieldy amount of brackets. We also struggled quite a bit with the CSS, and with deployment on Heroku.

	In this iteration of the dashboard, we implemented some of the feedback we received to streamline the dashboard a bit. Notably, we changed the structure of the dashboard considerably by changing our pages from “Wine Type Comparison” and “Quality Factors” to “Distribution”, “Correlation”, and “Exploration”. This new layout hopefully makes the intent of each page more obvious. We also removed the functionality of directly comparing red and white wines entirely, as it made the visualizations quite busy. We decided that comparing the two wine types served little purpose in our overall goal of predicting wine quality from physicochemical properties, and the current simpler correlation plots are worth losing that information. The final big change we made was to move the overview page into an “additional information” tab and drastically reduce the word count. In this form, users aren’t assaulted with a wall of text as soon as they open the app, and can immediately start interacting with the visualizations, only needing to consult the information page if they want to learn more.
  
	There are certainly still some things that need work before the app is ready for public consumption. Consistency between pages needs to be improved, since all three use different color schemes and different mechanisms for variable selection (dropdown, checklist, radio buttons respectively). The three pages are also inconsistent with themes, as some graphs have gray backgrounds, some have white backgrounds, and some have gridlines. We also need to improve our formatting, as we have a lot of ugly white space and some graphs are not lined up well. A lot of this is due to issues with CSS, with small changes to the style document necessary for some pages while breaking the formatting of others.
